.
.TH QUERYSORT 1
.
.SH NAME
querysort \- RFC 1866 querystring sorting library
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B querysort
.I uri
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Sort the fields of an URI's querystring in compliance with the RFC 1866. The RFC
3986 defines the form of a URI, but not the form of a URI's query. What
QuerySort sorts is the fields of an `application/x-www-form-urlencoded' query, a
form, as defined in HTML 2.0 RFC 1866.
.PP
It is a common case that the fields order of a query string is not relevant.
What usually matter is the key/value aspect of the query, and therefore the
values of the keys. If you manipulate URLs, a query and its fields permutations
might actually point to the same resource.
.
.SH EXAMPLES
.
.TP \w'querysort\ 'u
.BI querysort \ 'http://localhost/?some=thing&an=other'
Prints http://localhost/?an=other&some=thing in the standard output.
.
.TP
.BI querysort \ http://localhost/?
Prints http://localhost/? in the standard output (nothing to sort).
.
.TP
.BI querysort \ 'http://localhost/?some=thing&an=other#fragment'
Prints http://localhost/?an=other&some=thing#fragment in the standard output.
.
.SH AUTHOR
Dridi Boukelmoune <dridi.boukelmoune@gmail.com>
.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2012 Dridi Boukelmoune. License FreeBSD: BSD 2-clause license
.RB < http://www.freebsd.org/copyright/freebsd-license.html >.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.
.SH NOTES
.PP
The QuerySort command line interface uses
.B liburiparser
for URI validation. The
.B uriparser
project
.RB < http://uriparser.sourceforge.net/ >
is distributed under the New BSD license.

